# git-simple
_Simplify your git workflow._

## History

This project was born out of having a workflow myself which involved many steps, to ensure consistency across my branches and with my team members.
Around this time, GitHub released their GitHub for Mac and another piece of software called legit made its way around, which was like GitHub for Mac
but for the command line. Unfortunately for me, I still wanted my own (with a more "integrated" feel) custom workflow, one I could easily modify
later on—I have an interest in the Quantitative Coder project, and data mining myself while coding would involve, in theory, nothing I'd have to do
manually, just change my workflow scripts.

So that's why I built this.

In its present form, it's effectively a reimplementation of legit in the Bourne shell instead of Python. However, I'm going to make further changes
which will bring in some partial support for the nvie branching model as well, effectively combining legit and git-flow.

## Installing

Installing git-simple is as easy as identifying the spot you want to install it to, i.e., `/usr/local/bin` (some place in your `$PATH`) then
copying the `git-*` files into that directory.

Please keep in mind that this should be considered alpha software. It is in use in production by myself, but it may still have bugs. Please report
any you find on the issue tracker.

## Contributing

If you'd like to fix a bug, implement a feature or otherwise? Check out the issue tracker. These are a good place to get involved. If nothing is
listed there that you'd like to do, create one, let's talk about it on the issue tracker. You can then write the code, send a pull request, and
we'll take it from there.

Only thing I ask is that tabs are actual tabs, not spaces, in script files, and that you follow the style present in the scripts now.

## License

You are free to use this code as you see fit, subject to this understanding:

    I hereby disclaim all my rights and responsibilities to this code, and place this code in the public domain.

In jurisdictions which do not recognize the public domain, you are free to use this code under the following conditions:

    Copyright © 2011, Jeremy Tregunna, All Rights Reserved.

    Permission is hereby granted, free or charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
    (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation of the rights to use, copy,
    modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software
    is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the software.

    THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
    COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
    ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE SOFTWARE.